Adds a step to configure the publish scope. (#7299)
github/docs: content/packages/quickstart.md

            env:
              NODE_AUTH_TOKEN: ${% raw %}{{secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN}}{% endraw %}
    ```
8. Configure publish scope to tell NPM which scope and registry to publish to. This can be acomplished by either
   - using `.npmrc`
      ```
      @YOUR-USERNAME:registry=https://npm.pkg.github.com
      ```
   - or using the `publishConfig` key in `package.json`
      ```json
      "publishConfig": {
        "@YOUR-USERNAME:registry": "https://npm.pkg.github.com"
      }
      ```
  
9. Commit and push your changes to {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}.
    ```shell

>     $ git add .github/workflows/release-package.yml

Reviewer: We need to add either the new `.npmrc` file or the change to `packages.json` here too.

```suggestion
    $ git add .github/workflows/release-package.yml
    # Also add the file you created or edited in the previous step.
    $ git add <em>.npmrc or package.json</em>
```

            env:
              NODE_AUTH_TOKEN: ${% raw %}{{secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN}}{% endraw %}
    ```
8. Tell NPM which scope and registry to publish packages to using one of the following methods:

>    - Add an NPM configuration file for the repository by creating a `.npmrc, in the root directory with the contents:
>       ```
>       @<em>YOUR-USERNAME</em>:registry=https://npm.pkg.github.com
>       ```
>    - Edit the `package.json` file and specify the `publishConfig` key:
>       ```json
>       "publishConfig": {
>         "@<em>YOUR-USERNAME</em>:registry": "https://npm.pkg.github.com"
>       }
>       ```

Reviewer: 🤦🏻 
```suggestion
   - Add an NPM configuration file for the repository by creating a `.npmrc` file, in the root directory with the contents:
      {% raw %}
      ```
      @<em>YOUR-USERNAME</em>:registry=https://npm.pkg.github.com
      ```
      {% endraw %}
   - Edit the `package.json` file and specify the `publishConfig` key:
      {% raw %}
      ```json
      "publishConfig": {
        "@<em>YOUR-USERNAME</em>:registry": "https://npm.pkg.github.com"
      }
      ```
      {% endraw %}
```
